release: v1.54.0 (#5954)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_evaluate_plan_count.md

Reviewer: @Geal please review the edited changeset

> ### Add a histogram metric tracking evaluated query plans ([PR #5875](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5875))
> 
> The `supergraph.query_planning.experimental_plans_limit` option can be used to limit the number of query plans evaluated for a query, to reduce the time spent planning. When reaching that limit, the planner would still return a valid query plan, but maybe the most optimized one.
> This adds the `apollo.router.query_planning.plan.evaluated_plans` histogram metric to track the number of evaluated query plans, giving more context to configure this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add a histogram metric tracking evaluated query plans ([PR #5875](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5875))

The router supports the new `apollo.router.query_planning.plan.evaluated_plans` histogram metric to track the number of evaluated query plans. 

You can use it to help set an optimal `supergraph.query_planning.experimental_plans_limit` option that limits the number of query plans evaluated for a query and reduces the time spent planning.

```
